Feature toggles in sample (#205)
SAP-samples/cloud-cap-samples-java: README.md

- [Cloud Foundry Deployment using MTA](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/advanced/deploy-to-cloud#deploy-using-mta) with XSUAA [Service Bindings](mta-single-tenant.yaml)
- Application Router configuration including authentication via the XSUAA Service. See [package.json](app/package.json), [xs-app.json](app/xs-app.json) and [xs-security.json](xs-security.json)
- [Multitenancy configuration](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/java/multitenancy) via [mta-multi-tenant.yaml](mta-multi-tenant.yaml), [.cdsrc.json](.cdsrc.json), [sidecar module](mtx-sidecar)

> - [Feature toggles](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/guides/extensibility/feature-toggles?impl-variant=java#limitations). In CF features can be toggled by assigning the role `ft_isbn` to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Feature toggles](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/guides/extensibility/feature-toggles?impl-variant=java#limitations). In CF, features can be toggled by assigning the role `ft_isbn` to the user.
```

? - not sure

- [Cloud Foundry Deployment using MTA](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/advanced/deploy-to-cloud#deploy-using-mta) with XSUAA [Service Bindings](mta-single-tenant.yaml)
- Application Router configuration including authentication via the XSUAA Service. See [package.json](app/package.json), [xs-app.json](app/xs-app.json) and [xs-security.json](xs-security.json)
- [Multitenancy configuration](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/java/multitenancy) via [mta-multi-tenant.yaml](mta-multi-tenant.yaml), [.cdsrc.json](.cdsrc.json), [sidecar module](mtx-sidecar)

> - [Feature toggles](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/guides/extensibility/feature-toggles?impl-variant=java#limitations). In CF, features can be toggled by assigning the role `ft_isbn` to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Feature toggles](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/guides/extensibility/feature-toggles?impl-variant=java#limitations). In CF, features can be toggled by assigning the roles `expert` or `premium-customer` to the user.
```
